# SQCatalogObject

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **NSString*** | The type of this object. Each object type has expected properties expressed in a structured format within its corresponding &#x60;*_data&#x60; field below. | 
**_id** | **NSString*** | An identifier to reference this object in the catalog. When a new &#x60;CatalogObject&#x60; is inserted, the client should set the id to a temporary identifier starting with a \&quot;&#x60;#&#x60;\&quot; character. Other objects being inserted or updated within the same request may use this identifier to refer to the new object.  When the server receives the new object, it will supply a unique identifier that replaces the temporary identifier for all future references. | 
**updatedAt** | **NSString*** | Last modification [timestamp](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/working-with-dates) in RFC 3339 format, e.g., &#x60;\&quot;2016-08-15T23:59:33.123Z\&quot;&#x60; would indicate the UTC time (denoted by &#x60;Z&#x60;) of August 15, 2016 at 23:59:33 and 123 milliseconds. | [optional] 
**version** | **NSNumber*** | The version of the object. When updating an object, the version supplied must match the version in the database, otherwise the write will be rejected as conflicting. | [optional] 
**isDeleted** | **NSNumber*** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, the object has been deleted from the database. Must be &#x60;false&#x60; for new objects being inserted. When deleted, the &#x60;updated_at&#x60; field will equal the deletion time. | [optional] 
**customAttributeValues** | [**NSDictionary&lt;SQCatalogCustomAttributeValue&gt;***](SQCatalogCustomAttributeValue.md) | A map (key-value pairs) of application-defined custom attribute values. The value of a key-value pair is a [CatalogCustomAttributeValue](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/CatalogCustomAttributeValue) object. The key is the &#x60;key&#x60; attribute value defined in the associated [CatalogCustomAttributeDefinition](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/CatalogCustomAttributeDefinition) object defined by the application making the request.  If the &#x60;CatalogCustomAttributeDefinition&#x60; object is defined by another application, the &#x60;CatalogCustomAttributeDefinition&#x60;&#39;s key attribute value is prefixed by the defining application ID. For example, if the &#x60;CatalogCustomAttributeDefinition&#x60; has a &#x60;key&#x60; attribute of &#x60;\&quot;cocoa_brand\&quot;&#x60; and the defining application ID is &#x60;\&quot;abcd1234\&quot;&#x60;, the key in the map is &#x60;\&quot;abcd1234:cocoa_brand\&quot;&#x60; if the application making the request is different from the application defining the custom attribute definition. Otherwise, the key used in the map is simply &#x60;\&quot;cocoa_brand\&quot;&#x60;.  Application-defined custom attributes are set at a global (location-independent) level. Custom attribute values are intended to store additional information about a catalog object or associations with an entity in another system. Do not use custom attributes to store any sensitive information (personally identifiable information, card details, etc.). | [optional] 
**catalogV1Ids** | [**NSArray&lt;SQCatalogV1Id&gt;***](SQCatalogV1Id.md) | The Connect v1 IDs for this object at each location where it is present, where they differ from the object&#39;s Connect V2 ID. The field will only be present for objects that have been created or modified by legacy APIs. | [optional] 
**presentAtAllLocations** | **NSNumber*** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, this object is present at all locations (including future locations), except where specified in the &#x60;absent_at_location_ids&#x60; field. If &#x60;false&#x60;, this object is not present at any locations (including future locations), except where specified in the &#x60;present_at_location_ids&#x60; field. If not specified, defaults to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] 
**presentAtLocationIds** | **NSArray&lt;NSString*&gt;*** | A list of locations where the object is present, even if &#x60;present_at_all_locations&#x60; is &#x60;false&#x60;. This can include locations that are deactivated. | [optional] 
**absentAtLocationIds** | **NSArray&lt;NSString*&gt;*** | A list of locations where the object is not present, even if &#x60;present_at_all_locations&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. This can include locations that are deactivated. | [optional] 
**itemData** | [**SQCatalogItem***](SQCatalogItem.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogItem&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;ITEM&#x60;. | [optional] 
**categoryData** | [**SQCatalogCategory***](SQCatalogCategory.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogCategory&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;CATEGORY&#x60;. | [optional] 
**itemVariationData** | [**SQCatalogItemVariation***](SQCatalogItemVariation.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogItemVariation&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;ITEM_VARIATION&#x60;. | [optional] 
**taxData** | [**SQCatalogTax***](SQCatalogTax.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogTax&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;TAX&#x60;. | [optional] 
**discountData** | [**SQCatalogDiscount***](SQCatalogDiscount.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogDiscount&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;DISCOUNT&#x60;. | [optional] 
**modifierListData** | [**SQCatalogModifierList***](SQCatalogModifierList.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogModifierList&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;MODIFIER_LIST&#x60;. | [optional] 
**modifierData** | [**SQCatalogModifier***](SQCatalogModifier.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogModifier&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;MODIFIER&#x60;. | [optional] 
**timePeriodData** | [**SQCatalogTimePeriod***](SQCatalogTimePeriod.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogTimePeriod&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;TIME_PERIOD&#x60;. | [optional] 
**productSetData** | [**SQCatalogProductSet***](SQCatalogProductSet.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogProductSet&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;PRODUCT_SET&#x60;. | [optional] 
**pricingRuleData** | [**SQCatalogPricingRule***](SQCatalogPricingRule.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogPricingRule&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;PRICING_RULE&#x60;. A &#x60;CatalogPricingRule&#x60; object often works with a &#x60;CatalogProductSet&#x60; object or a &#x60;CatalogTimePeriod&#x60; object. | [optional] 
**imageData** | [**SQCatalogImage***](SQCatalogImage.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogImage&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;IMAGE&#x60;. | [optional] 
**measurementUnitData** | [**SQCatalogMeasurementUnit***](SQCatalogMeasurementUnit.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogMeasurementUnit&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;MEASUREMENT_UNIT&#x60;. | [optional] 
**subscriptionPlanData** | [**SQCatalogSubscriptionPlan***](SQCatalogSubscriptionPlan.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogSubscriptionPlan&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;SUBSCRIPTION_PLAN&#x60;. | [optional] 
**itemOptionData** | [**SQCatalogItemOption***](SQCatalogItemOption.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogItemOption&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;ITEM_OPTION&#x60;. | [optional] 
**itemOptionValueData** | [**SQCatalogItemOptionValue***](SQCatalogItemOptionValue.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogItemOptionValue&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;ITEM_OPTION_VAL&#x60;. | [optional] 
**customAttributeDefinitionData** | [**SQCatalogCustomAttributeDefinition***](SQCatalogCustomAttributeDefinition.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogCustomAttributeDefinition&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTE_DEFINITION&#x60;. | [optional] 
**quickAmountsSettingsData** | [**SQCatalogQuickAmountsSettings***](SQCatalogQuickAmountsSettings.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogQuickAmountsSettings&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;QUICK_AMOUNTS_SETTINGS&#x60;. | [optional] 
**subscriptionPlanVariationData** | [**SQCatalogSubscriptionPlanVariation***](SQCatalogSubscriptionPlanVariation.md) | Structured data for a &#x60;CatalogSubscriptionPlanVariation&#x60;, set for CatalogObjects of type &#x60;SUBSCRIPTION_PLAN_VARIATION&#x60;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


