# SQCustomerCustomAttributeFilterValue

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**email** | [**SQCustomerTextFilter***](SQCustomerTextFilter.md) | A filter for a query based on the value of an &#x60;Email&#x60;-type custom attribute. This filter is case-insensitive and can include &#x60;exact&#x60; or &#x60;fuzzy&#x60;, but not both.  For an &#x60;exact&#x60; match, provide the complete email address.  For a &#x60;fuzzy&#x60; match, provide a query expression containing one or more query tokens to match against the email address. Square removes any punctuation (including periods (.), underscores (_), and the &amp;#64; symbol) and tokenizes the email addresses on spaces. A match is found if a tokenized email address contains all the tokens in the search query, irrespective of the token order. For example, &#x60;Steven gmail&#x60; matches steven.jones&amp;#64;gmail.com and mygmail&amp;#64;stevensbakery.com. | [optional] 
**phone** | [**SQCustomerTextFilter***](SQCustomerTextFilter.md) | A filter for a query based on the value of a &#x60;PhoneNumber&#x60;-type custom attribute. This filter is case-insensitive and can include &#x60;exact&#x60; or &#x60;fuzzy&#x60;, but not both.  For an &#x60;exact&#x60; match, provide the complete phone number. This is always an E.164-compliant phone number that starts with the + sign followed by the country code and subscriber number. For example, the format for a US phone number is +12061112222.  For a &#x60;fuzzy&#x60; match, provide a query expression containing one or more query tokens to match against the phone number. Square removes any punctuation and tokenizes the expression on spaces. A match is found if a tokenized phone number contains all the tokens in the search query, irrespective of the token order. For example, &#x60;415 123 45&#x60; is tokenized to &#x60;415&#x60;, &#x60;123&#x60;, and &#x60;45&#x60;, which matches +14151234567 and +12345674158, but does not match +1234156780. Similarly, the expression &#x60;415&#x60; matches +14151234567, +12345674158, and +1234156780. | [optional] 
**text** | [**SQCustomerTextFilter***](SQCustomerTextFilter.md) | A filter for a query based on the value of a &#x60;String&#x60;-type custom attribute. This filter is case-insensitive and  can include &#x60;exact&#x60; or &#x60;fuzzy&#x60;, but not both.  For an &#x60;exact&#x60; match, provide the complete string.  For a &#x60;fuzzy&#x60; match, provide a query expression containing one or more query tokens in any order that contain complete words to match against the string. Square tokenizes the expression using a grammar-based tokenizer. For example, the expressions &#x60;quick brown&#x60;, &#x60;brown quick&#x60;, and &#x60;quick fox&#x60; match \&quot;The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog\&quot;. However, &#x60;quick foxes&#x60; and &#x60;qui&#x60; do not match. | [optional] 
**selection** | [**SQFilterValue***](SQFilterValue.md) | A filter for a query based on the display name for a &#x60;Selection&#x60;-type custom attribute value. This filter is case-sensitive and can contain &#x60;any&#x60;, &#x60;all&#x60;, or both. The &#x60;none&#x60; condition is not supported.  Provide the display name of each item that you want to search for. To find the display names for the selection, use the  [Customer Custom Attributes API](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/customer-custom-attributes-api) to retrieve the corresponding custom attribute definition and then check the &#x60;schema.items.names&#x60; field. For more information, see [Search based on selection](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#custom-attribute-value-filter-selection).  Note that when a &#x60;Selection&#x60;-type custom attribute is assigned to a customer profile, the custom attribute value is a list of one or more UUIDs (sourced from the &#x60;schema.items.enum&#x60; field) that map to the item names. These UUIDs are unique per seller. | [optional] 
**date** | [**SQTimeRange***](SQTimeRange.md) | A filter for a query based on the value of a &#x60;Date&#x60;-type custom attribute.  Provide a date range for this filter using &#x60;start_at&#x60;, &#x60;end_at&#x60;, or both. Range boundaries are inclusive. Dates can be specified in &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format or as RFC 3339 timestamps. | [optional] 
**number** | [**SQFloatNumberRange***](SQFloatNumberRange.md) | A filter for a query based on the value of a &#x60;Number&#x60;-type custom attribute, which can be an integer or a decimal with up to 5 digits of precision.  Provide a numerical range for this filter using &#x60;start_at&#x60;, &#x60;end_at&#x60;, or both. Range boundaries are inclusive. Numbers are specified as decimals or integers. The absolute value of range boundaries must not exceed &#x60;(2^63-1)/10^5&#x60;, or 92233720368547. | [optional] 
**boolean** | **NSNumber*** | A filter for a query based on the value of a &#x60;Boolean&#x60;-type custom attribute. | [optional] 
**address** | [**SQCustomerAddressFilter***](SQCustomerAddressFilter.md) | A filter for a query based on the value of an &#x60;Address&#x60;-type custom attribute. The filter can include &#x60;postal_code&#x60;, &#x60;country&#x60;, or both. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


