# SQCustomerFilter

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**creationSource** | [**SQCustomerCreationSourceFilter***](SQCustomerCreationSourceFilter.md) | A filter to select customers based on their creation source. | [optional] 
**createdAt** | [**SQTimeRange***](SQTimeRange.md) | A filter to select customers based on when they were created. | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | [**SQTimeRange***](SQTimeRange.md) | A filter to select customers based on when they were last updated. | [optional] 
**emailAddress** | [**SQCustomerTextFilter***](SQCustomerTextFilter.md) | A filter to [select customers by their email address](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#search-by-email-address)  visible to the seller.  This filter is case-insensitive.  For [exact matching](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#exact-search-by-email-address), this filter causes the search to return customer profiles  whose &#x60;email_address&#x60; field value are identical to the email address provided in the query.  For [fuzzy matching](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#fuzzy-search-by-email-address),  this filter causes the search to return customer profiles  whose &#x60;email_address&#x60; field value has a token-wise partial match against the filtering  expression in the query. For example, with &#x60;Steven gmail&#x60; provided in a search query, the search returns customers whose email address is &#x60;steven.johnson&amp;#64;gmail.com&#x60;  or &#x60;mygmail&amp;#64;stevensbakery.com&#x60;. Square removes any punctuation (including periods (.), underscores (_), and the &amp;#64; symbol) and tokenizes the email addresses on spaces. A match is found if a tokenized email address contains all the tokens in the search query,  irrespective of the token order. | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | [**SQCustomerTextFilter***](SQCustomerTextFilter.md) | A filter to [select customers by their phone numbers](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#search-by-phone-number) visible to the seller.  For [exact matching](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#exact-search-by-phone-number), this filter returns customers whose phone number matches the specified query expression. The number in the query must be of an E.164-compliant form. In particular, it must include the leading &#x60;+&#x60; sign followed by a country code and then a subscriber number. For example, the standard E.164 form of a US phone number is &#x60;+12062223333&#x60; and an E.164-compliant variation is &#x60;+1 (206) 222-3333&#x60;. To match the query expression, stored customer phone numbers are converted to the standard E.164 form.  For [fuzzy matching](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#fuzzy-search-by-phone-number), this filter returns customers whose phone number matches the token or tokens provided in the query expression. For example, with &#x60;415&#x60; provided in a search query, the search returns customers with the phone numbers &#x60;+1-415-212-1200&#x60;, &#x60;+1-212-415-1234&#x60;, and &#x60;+1 (551) 234-1567&#x60;. Similarly, a search query of &#x60;415 123&#x60; returns customers with the phone numbers &#x60;+1-212-415-1234&#x60; and &#x60;+1 (551) 234-1567&#x60; but not &#x60;+1-212-415-1200&#x60;. A match is found if a tokenized phone number contains all the tokens in the search query, irrespective of the token order. | [optional] 
**referenceId** | [**SQCustomerTextFilter***](SQCustomerTextFilter.md) | A filter to [select customers by their reference IDs](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#search-by-reference-id). This filter is case-insensitive.  [Exact matching](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#exact-search-by-reference-id)  of a customer&#39;s reference ID against a query&#39;s reference ID is evaluated as an exact match between two strings, character by character in the given order.  [Fuzzy matching](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#fuzzy-search-by-reference-id)  of stored reference IDs against queried reference IDs works  exactly the same as fuzzy matching on email addresses. Non-alphanumeric characters  are replaced by spaces to tokenize stored and queried reference IDs. A match is found if a tokenized stored reference ID contains all tokens specified in any order in the query. For example, a query of &#x60;NYC M&#x60; matches customer profiles with the &#x60;reference_id&#x60; value of &#x60;NYC_M_35_JOHNSON&#x60; and &#x60;NYC_27_MURRAY&#x60;. | [optional] 
**groupIds** | [**SQFilterValue***](SQFilterValue.md) | A filter to select customers based on the [groups](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/CustomerGroup) they belong to. Group membership is controlled by sellers and developers.  The &#x60;group_ids&#x60; filter has the following syntax: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; \&quot;group_ids\&quot;: { \&quot;any\&quot;:  [\&quot;{group_a_id}\&quot;, \&quot;{group_b_id}\&quot;, ...], \&quot;all\&quot;:  [\&quot;{group_1_id}\&quot;, \&quot;{group_2_id}\&quot;, ...], \&quot;none\&quot;: [\&quot;{group_i_id}\&quot;, \&quot;{group_ii_id}\&quot;, ...] } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  You can use any combination of the &#x60;any&#x60;, &#x60;all&#x60;, and &#x60;none&#x60; fields in the filter. With &#x60;any&#x60;, the search returns customers in groups &#x60;a&#x60; or &#x60;b&#x60; or any other group specified in the list. With &#x60;all&#x60;, the search returns customers in groups &#x60;1&#x60; and &#x60;2&#x60; and all other groups specified in the list. With &#x60;none&#x60;, the search returns customers not in groups &#x60;i&#x60; or &#x60;ii&#x60; or any other group specified in the list.  If any of the search conditions are not met, including when an invalid or non-existent group ID is provided, the result is an empty object (&#x60;{}&#x60;). | [optional] 
**customAttribute** | [**SQCustomerCustomAttributeFilters***](SQCustomerCustomAttributeFilters.md) | A filter to select customers based on one or more custom attributes.   This filter can contain up to 10 custom attribute filters. Each custom attribute filter specifies filtering criteria for a target custom attribute. If multiple custom attribute filters are provided, they are combined as an &#x60;AND&#x60; operation.  To be valid for a search, the custom attributes must be visible to the requesting application. For more information, including example queries, see [Search by custom attribute](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/use-the-api/search-customers#search-by-custom-attribute).  Square returns matching customer profiles, which do not contain custom attributes. To retrieve customer-related custom attributes, use the [Customer Custom Attributes API](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/customer-custom-attributes-api). For example, you can call [RetrieveCustomerCustomAttribute](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/customer-custom-attributes-api/retrieve-customer-custom-attribute) using a customer ID from the result set. | [optional] 
**segmentIds** | [**SQFilterValue***](SQFilterValue.md) |  A filter to select customers based on the [segments](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/CustomerSegment) they belong to. Segment membership is dynamic and adjusts automatically based on whether customers meet the segment criteria.  You can provide up to three segment IDs in the filter, using any combination of the &#x60;all&#x60;, &#x60;any&#x60;, and &#x60;none&#x60; fields. For the following example, the results include customers who belong to both segment A and segment B but do not belong to segment C.  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; \&quot;segment_ids\&quot;: { \&quot;all\&quot;:  [\&quot;{segment_A_id}\&quot;, \&quot;{segment_B_id}\&quot;], \&quot;none\&quot;:  [\&quot;{segment_C_id}\&quot;] } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  If an invalid or non-existent segment ID is provided in the filter, Square stops processing the request and returns a &#x60;400 BAD_REQUEST&#x60; error that includes the segment ID. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


