# SQDispute

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**disputeId** | **NSString*** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] 
**_id** | **NSString*** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] 
**amountMoney** | [**SQMoney***](SQMoney.md) | The disputed amount, which can be less than the total transaction amount. For instance, if multiple items were purchased but the cardholder only initiates a dispute over some of the items. | [optional] 
**reason** | **NSString*** | The reason why the cardholder initiated the dispute. | [optional] 
**state** | **NSString*** | The current state of this dispute. | [optional] 
**dueAt** | **NSString*** | The deadline by which the seller must respond to the dispute, in [RFC 3339 format](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/common-data-types/working-with-dates). | [optional] 
**disputedPayment** | [**SQDisputedPayment***](SQDisputedPayment.md) | The payment challenged in this dispute. | [optional] 
**evidenceIds** | **NSArray&lt;NSString*&gt;*** | The IDs of the evidence associated with the dispute. | [optional] 
**cardBrand** | **NSString*** | The card brand used in the disputed payment. | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **NSString*** | The timestamp when the dispute was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **NSString*** | The timestamp when the dispute was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**brandDisputeId** | **NSString*** | The ID of the dispute in the card brand system, generated by the card brand. | [optional] 
**reportedDate** | **NSString*** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**reportedAt** | **NSString*** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**version** | **NSNumber*** | The current version of the &#x60;Dispute&#x60;. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **NSString*** | The ID of the location where the dispute originated. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


