# SQInventoryAdjustment

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**_id** | **NSString*** | A unique ID generated by Square for the &#x60;InventoryAdjustment&#x60;. | [optional] 
**referenceId** | **NSString*** | An optional ID provided by the application to tie the &#x60;InventoryAdjustment&#x60; to an external system. | [optional] 
**fromState** | **NSString*** | The [inventory state](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/enums/InventoryState) of the related quantity of items before the adjustment. | [optional] 
**toState** | **NSString*** | The [inventory state](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/enums/InventoryState) of the related quantity of items after the adjustment. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the [Location](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/Location) where the related quantity of items is being tracked. | [optional] 
**catalogObjectId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the [CatalogObject](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/CatalogObject) being tracked. | [optional] 
**catalogObjectType** | **NSString*** | The [type](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/enums/CatalogObjectType) of the [CatalogObject](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/CatalogObject) being tracked.   The Inventory API supports setting and reading the &#x60;\&quot;catalog_object_type\&quot;: \&quot;ITEM_VARIATION\&quot;&#x60; field value.  In addition, it can also read the &#x60;\&quot;catalog_object_type\&quot;: \&quot;ITEM\&quot;&#x60; field value that is set by the Square Restaurants app. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **NSString*** | The number of items affected by the adjustment as a decimal string. Can support up to 5 digits after the decimal point. | [optional] 
**totalPriceMoney** | [**SQMoney***](SQMoney.md) | The total price paid for goods associated with the adjustment. Present if and only if &#x60;to_state&#x60; is &#x60;SOLD&#x60;. Always non-negative. | [optional] 
**occurredAt** | **NSString*** | A client-generated RFC 3339-formatted timestamp that indicates when the inventory adjustment took place. For inventory adjustment updates, the &#x60;occurred_at&#x60; timestamp cannot be older than 24 hours or in the future relative to the time of the request. | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **NSString*** | An RFC 3339-formatted timestamp that indicates when the inventory adjustment is received. | [optional] 
**source** | [**SQSourceApplication***](SQSourceApplication.md) | Information about the application that caused the inventory adjustment. | [optional] 
**employeeId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the [Employee](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/Employee) responsible for the inventory adjustment. | [optional] 
**teamMemberId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the [Team Member](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/TeamMember) responsible for the inventory adjustment. | [optional] 
**transactionId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the [Transaction](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/Transaction) that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for payment-related state transitions. | [optional] 
**refundId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the [Refund](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-10-18/objects/Refund) that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for refund-related state transitions. | [optional] 
**purchaseOrderId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the purchase order that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for state transitions from the Square for Retail app. | [optional] 
**goodsReceiptId** | **NSString*** | The Square-generated ID of the goods receipt that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for state transitions from the Square for Retail app. | [optional] 
**adjustmentGroup** | [**SQInventoryAdjustmentGroup***](SQInventoryAdjustmentGroup.md) | An adjustment group bundling the related adjustments of item variations through stock conversions in a single inventory event. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


