# SQTerminalCheckout

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**_id** | **NSString*** | A unique ID for this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. | [optional] 
**amountMoney** | [**SQMoney***](SQMoney.md) | The amount of money (including the tax amount) that the Square Terminal device should try to collect. | 
**referenceId** | **NSString*** | An optional user-defined reference ID that can be used to associate this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; to another entity in an external system. For example, an order ID generated by a third-party shopping cart. The ID is also associated with any payments used to complete the checkout. | [optional] 
**note** | **NSString*** | An optional note to associate with the checkout, as well as with any payments used to complete the checkout. Note: maximum 500 characters | [optional] 
**orderId** | **NSString*** | The reference to the Square order ID for the checkout request. Supported only in the US. | [optional] 
**paymentOptions** | [**SQPaymentOptions***](SQPaymentOptions.md) | Payment-specific options for the checkout request. Supported only in the US. | [optional] 
**deviceOptions** | [**SQDeviceCheckoutOptions***](SQDeviceCheckoutOptions.md) | Options to control the display and behavior of the Square Terminal device. | 
**deadlineDuration** | **NSString*** | An RFC 3339 duration, after which the checkout is automatically canceled. A &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; that is &#x60;PENDING&#x60; is automatically &#x60;CANCELED&#x60; and has a cancellation reason of &#x60;TIMED_OUT&#x60;.  Default: 5 minutes from creation  Maximum: 5 minutes | [optional] 
**status** | **NSString*** | The status of the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. Options: &#x60;PENDING&#x60;, &#x60;IN_PROGRESS&#x60;, &#x60;CANCEL_REQUESTED&#x60;, &#x60;CANCELED&#x60;, &#x60;COMPLETED&#x60; | [optional] 
**cancelReason** | **NSString*** | The reason why &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; is canceled. Present if the status is &#x60;CANCELED&#x60;. | [optional] 
**paymentIds** | **NSArray&lt;NSString*&gt;*** | A list of IDs for payments created by this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **NSString*** | The time when the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was created, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **NSString*** | The time when the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was last updated, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] 
**appId** | **NSString*** | The ID of the application that created the checkout. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **NSString*** | The location of the device where the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was directed. | [optional] 
**paymentType** | **NSString*** | The type of payment the terminal should attempt to capture from. Defaults to &#x60;CARD_PRESENT&#x60;. | [optional] 
**teamMemberId** | **NSString*** | An optional ID of the team member associated with creating the checkout. | [optional] 
**customerId** | **NSString*** | An optional ID of the customer associated with the checkout. | [optional] 
**appFeeMoney** | [**SQMoney***](SQMoney.md) | The amount the developer is taking as a fee for facilitating the payment on behalf of the seller.  The amount cannot be more than 90% of the total amount of the payment.  The amount must be specified in the smallest denomination of the applicable currency (for example, US dollar amounts are specified in cents). For more information, see [Working with Monetary Amounts](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/working-with-monetary-amounts).  The fee currency code must match the currency associated with the seller that is accepting the payment. The application must be from a developer account in the same country and using the same currency code as the seller.  For more information about the application fee scenario, see [Take Payments and Collect Fees](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/payments-api/take-payments-and-collect-fees).  To set this field, PAYMENTS_WRITE_ADDITIONAL_RECIPIENTS OAuth permission is required. For more information, see [Permissions](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/payments-api/take-payments-and-collect-fees#permissions).  Supported only in the US. | [optional] 
**statementDescriptionIdentifier** | **NSString*** | Optional additional payment information to include on the customer&#39;s card statement as part of the statement description. This can be, for example, an invoice number, ticket number, or short description that uniquely identifies the purchase. Supported only in the US. | [optional] 
**tipMoney** | [**SQMoney***](SQMoney.md) | The amount designated as a tip, in addition to &#x60;amount_money&#x60;. This may only be set for a checkout that has tipping disabled (&#x60;tip_settings.allow_tipping&#x60; is &#x60;false&#x60;). Supported only in the US. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


